Send onions along a fixed path (#85)
lightningd/plugins: fixroute/README.md

# Fixed Payment Route Plugin

> This plugin helps you to construct a route object (to be used with sendpay) which goes over a sequence of node ids. if all these nodeids are on a path of payment channels an onion following this path will be constructed. In the case of missing channels `lightning-cli geroute` is invoked to find partial routs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin helps you to construct a route object (to be used with sendpay) which goes over a sequence of node ids. If all these nodeids are on a path of payment channels an onion following this path will be constructed. In the case of missing channels `lightning-cli geroute` is invoked to find partial routes. 
```

Reviewer 2: `getroute` too

This plugin can be used to create circular onions or to send payments along specific paths if that is necessary (as long as the paths provide enough liquidity). 

I guess this plugin could also be used to simulate the behaviour of trampoline payments.

And of course I imagine you the reader of this message will find even more creative ways of using it.

> :warning: This plugin is still work in progress and may not work in all edge cases. :construction:
## Command line options

The plugin exposes no new command line options.

## JSON-RPC methods

The plugin also exposes the following methods:

 - `getfixedroute`: constructs a route for an amount in msat and a list of nodeids over which the path shoul be constructed.

>  - `getfixedroute_purge`: As the plugin builds an index over the gossip store on startup to know meta data of channels it might the index might be rebuild once in a while. this would happen in particular if sendpay can't forward onions because of wrong channel parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `getfixedroute_purge`: As the plugin builds an index over the gossip store on startup to know meta data of channels the index might be rebuilt once in a while. This would happen in particular if `sendpay` can't forward onions because of wrong channel parameters
```
